Update other connector samples (#261)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/Redis/README.md

> This sample uses both [Microsoft RedisCache](https://github.com/aspnet/Caching/tree/dev/src/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Redis) and [StackExchange `ConnectionMultiplexer`](https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis) to work with the same Redis service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses both [Microsoft RedisCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.caching.redis.rediscache) and [StackExchange `ConnectionMultiplexer`](https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis) to work with the same Redis service.
```

2016-07-01T07:27:57.73-0600 [APP/0]      OUT Application started. Press Ctrl+C to shut down.
```

Upon startup the app inserts key/value pairs into the bound Redis Cache.

This sample will be available at <http://redis-connector.[your-cf-apps-domain]/>.

To display those values click on the `Cache Data` link in the menu and you should see the key/value pairs displayed using the Microsoft RedisCache.

You can click on the `ConnectionMultiplexer Data` link to view data using the StackExchange CollectionMultiplexer.

---

> ### See the Official [Steeltoe Service Connectors Documentation](https://steeltoe.io/docs/steeltoe-service-connectors) for a more in-depth walkthrough of the samples and more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### See the Official [Steeltoe Service Connectors Documentation](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/) for a more in-depth walkthrough of the samples and more detailed information.
```
